distill the information that important
stakeholders
across the business or clients and
stakeholders within the client's
business
need to take from this i don't need to
be sharing with
brian halligan the ceo of hubspot the
minutia
of a technical issue that we're trying
to fix what brian would want to know is
if we invest stuff into this
what's the net result at the end of that
for us
is it worth it that helps you distill
that and it's the same with the client
maybe you come to them and say hey we've
got these 10 different things that we
can do
there's also a cost attached to these 10
different things showcase a vision
outside of an individual tactic
you